Hey what's up guys in the last lesson we learn how to register our menus using the functions that should
be file in today's lesson.
You're going to continue this process.
They knew how to position the menu in the film.
So here we go.
Let's open up our herder's page file which is where we decided that our menu is stay.
It's going to stay right here in place of the word menu before doing this.
Let's take a bit.
Our harridans beach file using the bootstrap glasses since we already know how to do that right here
inside the menu area section.
Let's create a new container.
Inside it.
We want to create a new Dith declasse roll
and before this roll we're going to create a div with the class line.
Later in the course you will understand what this class is for.
And now for the logo section let's add the following classes for the columns.
Co.
And the two co S M 12 Kole twelth.
Let's also add the text center class so that the logo is entered in small and next more devices.
This last class will make sense at the end of the course when we add our logo for the main menu nav
tag.
You're going to add the following classes called M.D tan text right.
Notice that you'll not be using the small and extra small sizes.
Not even the extra large sizes the extra small columns are omitted because at the end of the Course
you'll be installing a responsive menu.
So once the regular menu disappear in smaller screen devices replaced by the responsive menu we don't
need to add those glasses but you understand it better when they get there OK.
Let's go ahead and say that and go back to the front end and check those changes.
OK as you can see the elements are already position it according to what we defined as go back to the
file now in place of the word menu.
I'm going to call a WordPress function that will finally position the menu we created in the last lesson.
This function is W.P. underscore Nev. underscore menu so the opening closed parenthesis and place a
semicolon at the end.
Now here inside princes we're going to add our menu position.
Do you remember what the menu position is.
Is that information we create in the functions file.
When you register a menu it's slug.
Let's add an array here.
And in this array.
Let's pass some arguments.
The most important of these arguments is the one called thean underscore location.
Pay close attention to this underscore again.
My brazening students are very confused about this and until this day some of them type a hyphen sort
of underscore and this can lead to unexpected results.
So much out the thing on the score location is nothing more than the slug of our menu and go back to
the functions file and copy the slug for the main menu
this function accepts several other arguments for example you can find a class for the menu a container
a value for before and after the menu the amount of levels that this menu will have.
But you can see more details about the other arguments in the link that is provided in this lecture
by clicking on the resources available both here on the top left.
For example you can create a bootstrap menu by modifying arguments for this function.
Unfortunately as this would take too long to be explained you're not going to address this topic in
the course you'll be using a plugin to create a responsive menu that will be great.
You promise but for a basic implementation of a menu in wordpress the thing location argument is enough.
So I save this file.
And let's look at how our site is getting.
So keep your fingers crossed.
Okay perfect.
We have a menu.
Finally re.
It's still pretty simple but it's already working.
Now remember that we said that the new static pages without a medic could be added to the menu.
So let's see if this really works as go back to the dashboard.
And let's create a new page
as call.
Testing
and refresh the page OK look the new page has been magically added to the menu right.
Well let's remove this page from the menu because we don't need it here.
Click on this little arrow and it can choose to remove it save the options and we refresh the page once
again.
Very well.
There is only one small detail missing.
This menu is all vertical but we want the menu to be horizontal.
How do you do that.
Well the easiest way is to create a success row that can change the display of each list.
Elements of this menu go over to the source file.
Let's create a roo for our main menu element.
This row will be applied to each element of the another list so name hyphen menu.
Ul.
I display inline.
Of course there are other ways to do this but now let's just apply this rule.
I saved the file and refresh our page
and look now the menu is horizontal as I wanted.
Since for using bootstraps text right class it's also right aligned.
So Marcelo does that mean that if I click on one of these menu items I can already go to the desired
page.
Well let's go ahead and click
it didn't open anything different and the page remains in the same place.
The explanation for this is quite simple.
For now the only thing we did was create a menu.
We have not yet defined what will appear in this dynamic Harry or the site when they click on which
menu item.
This is what we are going to do in the next lessons so don't miss the next lessons as we are going to
learn about one of the most essential concepts of average breastfeeds WordPress look so of it for you
and the next lessons and then Happy coding.